[Music]
hi I'm Michelle Simone and I'm a hair
stylist and today I'm going to show you
how to do finger waves on short hair so
I'm starting with a nice deep side part
in her hair and I'm starting with wet
hair mostly wet towel dried so it's not
dripping anymore and then what you're
gonna do is add a good amount of pomade
I have this nice thick one from Redken
but you can use whatever pomade you like
you're gonna rub it into your fingertips
so that it doesn't leave globs in your
hair and just run your fingers through
your hair
when you have a good amount of product
in because this style requires a lot of
hold can also use gel if you prefer take
your comb and just comb it through make
sure it's all evenly distributed into
the side of your part where we're gonna
be doing the waves so the first step is
to comb your hair all the way forward
starting at the crown of your head the
rest of your hair can stay to the back
but all of your hair should be combed
completely forward and this is going to
start the first wave so once you have
that this is where the finger part of
the finger curls in so turn your head
down you're going to leave put two
fingers here hold it down really tight
because what you want is the first
section to go straight down and then
you're gonna take your comb and in a
swooping motion start holding your hair
combing your hair towards the back
once you get your hair all the way this
way you're gonna move your finger over
and hold that down as well this is going
to try to keep that wave in place and
then you're gonna do the same thing
again comb your hair forward gently so
that you don't pull the wave out from
before and then add a finger at this
point it helps sometimes to add a few
clips to hold your hair in place or to
get a friend to hold each section of
hair down once you have that hold that
section down and start combing again
towards the back making sure that you
don't remove the wave that you just
created hold it down as you have before
and start combing
and you're gonna do this all the way
until you get to her ear just like this
and you can also pin that piece in place
or you can just let it go and once you
have the waves that you like you can
either run it over with a hairdryer or
you can wait into your hair is perfectly
set and then take out the clips if you
want you can do the same thing on the
opposite side of her head of your hair
and then bring your hair over to one
shoulder or you can leave it just like
this as you like but that's it so this
is finger waves for shorter hair
[Music]